## Observations
1. The black box or the learned network seemed to confidently predict for the noise. Since the noise may vary for the same predictions, the gradients doesn't seem to fit themselves
2. Gradients explode as can be seen by running white_box.py
3. To counter the gradient exploding problem, an entirely different dataset was used (heart.csv). A random dataset using this new dataset was generated based on the values that each of the features could take (for eg. randomly generating age between 15 to 60 etc.)
4. This new dataset was allowed to run on a 2 hidden layer neural network (black box) leading to around ~75 percent accuracy on training data
5. The white box was trained on random dataset generated earlier and corresponding labels generated by black box, giving ~61 percent accuracy on the original dataset
6. I also tried a different classifier namely Support Vector Machine but it produced a single label for all datapoints of the random dataset leading to the white box being crashed while being trained on the random dataset as the labels for the random dataset was unary
7. Random Forest Classifier was also tried on the heart dataset and produced an accuracy of ~96 percent for black box on the original dataset. The white box on being trained on the random dataset generated ~67 percent on the original dataset.
8. Images still are an issue as Support Vector Machines generated a single label for all random images generated and Random Forest Classifier white box generated a meagre 10 percent accuracy for the original image training data.
9. Using different set of images (from CIFAR-10 dataset) rather than a random arrangement of pixel values from normal distribution did not produce satisfactory results. Only ~1 percent improvement was seen when a Random Forest model which was trained on the MNIST data was made to predict labels on the CIFAR-10 dataset. The distribution of labels produced by the black box random forest was also eccentric. Most of the time random forest produced a label of zero as can be seen from the following image. This proves the fact that out black box tries finding the pattern of data on which it was trained but didn't find any, thus spewing rather random or sometimes purely incorrect classes for the CIFAR-10 dataset.
[]